.TH GENI-AR-EXPIRED-ACCOUNTS 1 "July 27, 2016"

.SH NAME
geni-ar-expired-accounts \- Find usernames of expired IdP Accounts

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geni-ar-expired-accounts
[\fB--printonly\fR]
[\fB--debug\fR]
[\fB--conf \fISETTINGS_FILE\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Find all active IdP accounts whose expiration has passed, and email
the admins a list of their usernames.
Only tutorial accounts currently have an expiration date set.
The admins must then manually remove these accounts from any
projects at the Clearinghouse, disable the account at the
clearinghouse, and then delete the account at the IdP.
In 'printonly' mode, the list of expired accounts is printed to STDOUT
only, not emailed. In 'debug' mode, verbose debug information is
printed.
The database connection string and 'idp_approval_email' are pulled
from the geni-ar settings file (default: /etc/geni-ar/settings.php).

This script is intended to be run as a nightly cron job. See below for
a sample entry.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--printonly
Print expired active account usernames to the screen; do not email the
admins. Default: false.
.TP
\fB--debug
Print verbose debug information to the console during operations. Default: false.
.TP
\fB--conf
Name of settings file from which to parse system-local information. Default: /etc/geni-ar/settings.php.
        
.SH FILES
The email address for the admins and the database connection string are extracted from
\fB/etc/geni-ar/settings.php\fR or the value of the \fBconf\fR
argument, in lines labeled '$idp_approval_email' and '$db_dsn' respectively.

.SH EXAMPLES
crontab entry to notify admins nightly at 1am:

  0 1 * * * /usr/local/bin/geni-ar-expired-accounts

.SH AUTHOR
geni-ar-expired-accounts was written by Raytheon BBN Technologies.
